Fix m137 release (#5337)
firebase/firebase-android-sdk: firebase-crashlytics/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> * [fixed] Disable GradleMetadataPublishing to fix breakage of the kotlin extensions sdk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [fixed] Disabled `GradleMetadataPublishing` to fix breakage of the Kotlin extensions library. #5337 
```
